---
author: ["Mariatta"]
title: "Meeting Minutes: April 08, 2024"
date: "2024-04-08"
description: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: April 08, 2024."
summary: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: April 08, 2024."
tags: ["minutes"]
categories: ["minutes"]
series: ["Meeting Minutes"]
ShowToc: false
TocOpen: false
---


### Attendees

Mariatta, Ned, Joanna, Guido


### Agenda

1. What will be our Doc Summit participation?
   - Who will be attending? Carol, Ned
   - Lightning talk: submit: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe1n3YMIRnrWhoSSC29yM1w_IucgrY4D6RM3infhaNELFeJSg/viewform
   - TODO: Carol will put together some bullets
2. Prepare an “elevator pitch” kind of thing for Editorial Board: it could just point to our repo too?
3. Advice: If you’re going to run a meeting, run the meeting (including cutting and moderating, stopping people from going on and on)
4. Bring up in next community call:
   - Are there clear possibilities that you can share with the editorial board, so we can make a decision.
5. Carol or Ned to come up with the options.
6. Warning Sphinx?
   - Multiple types: https://discuss.python.org/t/how-should-we-mark-up-multiple-types-in-a-type-field/48196/20
     TODO: Ned will post on the thread to try to come to closure. What are the current options?
   - WarningMessage is undocumented: https://discuss.python.org/t/warningmessage-is-undocumented/48877 
7. No meeting in May because of PyCon US. We’ll discuss async until June.

