---
author: ["Mariatta"]
title: "Meeting Minutes: August 12, 2024"
date: "2024-08-12"
description: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: August 12, 2024."
summary: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: August 12, 2024."
tags: ["minutes"]
categories: ["minutes"]
series: ["Meeting Minutes"]
ShowToc: false
TocOpen: false
---

### Attendees

Mariatta, Ned


### Old Action Items

Where are we with the action items from June 3?
- [Create a dir in the GitHub repo and move there?](https://github.com/python/editorial-board/issues/5) Move or link the docs to the GitHub repo? Communicate this at the next Docs Community meeting
- DONE: Ned will write up an outline for [“How to contribute to CPython Docs”](https://github.com/python/editorial-board/issues/4)
- [Finish up the Guiding Principles doc](https://github.com/python/editorial-board/issues/10), and officially adopt it. To become the first page of the Docs Guide
- [Form a WG to address packaging users docs](https://github.com/python/editorial-board/issues/11)



### Agenda

1. What should we accomplish before our next call?
2. Migrate documents from Google Drive to GitHub?
3. Next steps for docs guide?
4. Next steps for Guiding Principles doc?
5. Next steps for wg to address packaging user docs?

### Notes

We did not go through the planned agenda, but Mariatta and Ned discussed the new outline for DevGuide.

#### New outline for devguide / contribution guide

Proposed outline for combined guide: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ajk_Vj3rccJ9ReB7WCNhEnLHQP23iMg7jAFQ-CYKzWo/edit

##### Next steps:

- Create devguide project

- Write devguide issues
  * Overall restructure, with placeholder sections, according to the Google Doc.  No need to write content.  Placeholder pages can include bullets about the topics to be covered there.  Placeholder pages can have a boilerplate info box explaining that the page is in-progress.
  * Write issues for each section that needs to be fleshed out.

- Question: We propose to publish the new-organization skeleton as the devguide while we flesh it out.  Ask in PDEB Discord if anyone objects.  We want to keep it simple, so no branch, publish the placeholders
  * It will be for a short time
  * Don’t want to maintain a long-lived branch
  * Raises the visibility of the work
  * Encourages contribution
- Set a target date for when this is done
  * Aim to have it done by May 2025 for PyCon US
  * Maybe a sprint at PyCon to get it over the line
