---
author: ["Mariatta"]
title: "Meeting Minutes: Apr 8, 2025"
date: "2025-04-08T14:49:46-07:00"
description: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Apr 8, 2025"
summary: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Apr 8, 2025"
tags: ["minutes"]
categories: ["minutes"]
series: ["Meeting Minutes"]
ShowToc: false
TocOpen: false
members: ["Carol Willing", "Joanna Jablonski", "Mariatta", "Ned Batchelder"]
---

### Agenda

* [Docs audit with Savannah](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10MSDlxmgPex3ZGVr-4OggI2lqSAlv_0OTDchGlrLIkk/edit?usp=sharing) is on hold while she deals with other commitments. She has plans to work on it in the next couple months.
* Language Summit

### Notes

* Language Summit: we have 30 minutes slot to engage with the core team. What are we gonna do?
    * Mariatta, Carol, and Guido will be there
    * Our updates: 
        * Not much has happened, docs community have been active 
        * There have been a few big decisions
        * Decrease in “entitlement/ownership” of specific docs areas
        * Having a named body has calmed down those and set a tone
    * Start with the positives we’ve seen with docs, it’s more collaborative now
        * Compare with when we started years ago
        * “How it works” documentation moved into code
        * Renewed emphasis on translations, usability, Irit’s work with moving some docs from devguide to code, Ned’s devguide refactoring
        * Sqllite3 docs in diataxis spirit
        * Docs audit with Joanna and Savannah
        * Posting meeting minutes
        * Seeing engagements with people outside of Core team
        * Separate Docs Discord server works well
    * Looking forward, vision and future
        * We are here to unblock docs decisions
        * Wiki. Is it not a PSF asset? (It is not)
        * Should CPython’s involvement in docs be Reference docs and Devguide docs?
          * To unblock other efforts such as translations of Docs tutorial. Should it be a PSF thing?
          * Why not Core team’s thing?
          * Maybe could free up funding opportunities if it is a PSF thing.
          * Talk about “How PSF can be more involved with Python docs?” 
        * Tutorial, onboarding, etc maybe more suited outside core team.
        * Core team docs should just be Reference docs?
    * How to ensure docs discussion is productive at the language summit
        * Not the nitty gritty about the past decisions
        * Focus on role of Core team, PSF, vision
        * Mention the Education & outreach WG
    * Who are we serving, how do we serve them
        * Main audiences: Docs community, Python users, new users
    * What else core team expect from us?
    * What do we want to achieve?
    * Mariatta to start some slides (maybe not until May)
* Docs audit is still on hold. Might sprint at PyCon US.
* Review our Changelog:
    *  [https://deploy-preview-28--pythoneditorialboard.netlify.app/changelog/](https://deploy-preview-28--pythoneditorialboard.netlify.app/changelog/)
    *  [https://github.com/python/editorial-board/pull/28](https://github.com/python/editorial-board/pull/28)
    *  Actually, a lot have happened with Editorial board! 