---
author: ["Mariatta"]
title: "Meeting Minutes: Oct 14, 2025"
date: "2025-10-14T08:11:13-07:00"
description: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Oct 14, 2025"
summary: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Oct 14, 2025"
tags: ["minutes"]
categories: ["minutes"]
series: ["Meeting Minutes"]
ShowToc: false
TocOpen: false
members: ["Carol Willing", "Guido van Rossum", "Joanna Jablonski", "Mariatta", "Ned Batchelder"]
---

### Notes


* Updates from the Education & Outreach WG
    * We learned about what their current goals are, and who the current members are.
    * Their goals are: Update [python.org](python.org) education and resource list, create a webpage instead of the wiki, build an official beginner tutorial, and to flesh out community and conference organizers' toolkit.
    * Overlap with our scope: tutorials.
* What are the action items with the Education & Outreach WG?
    * There was talk at the core sprint about adding a more interactive tutorial. Where do we want it to live, and what do we want to do?
    * We can offer help and support and leave it up to them
    * Encourage them in this effort
    * We’d love to see more education resources to not be directed to the wiki. Eg PSF website shouldn’t direct people to wiki about educational resources.
* Can there be a group/person who can commit to maintaining the PSF wiki pages? Many aspects of the wiki are outdated.
    * Current Wiki’s accessibility is outdated
    * Could there be a different “wiki”-like platform?
    * Who/Where can we pass these opinions to, since these are out of our scope?
* History of PSF wiki:
    * Moinmoin is the first wiki platform in Python. Original dev is no longer actively participating.
    * [https://www.python.org/psf/workgroups/#education-outreach-work-group](https://www.python.org/psf/workgroups/#education-outreach-work-group)
    * Many Pages in the wiki are now unmaintained
    * Some of the outdated wiki may still have important information
    * It would be great to go through the content, move information elsewhere, etc.
    * Who has permission to give edit access? Marc Andre.
* Let’s continue to stay in touch with the Edu & Outreach WG.
    * Maybe we can share our opinion with them about the wiki. The wiki is not our scope.
* What is our scope: Some pages in the wiki should be in the official Python doc. We can request to move content to Python doc, and ask them to delete from Wiki
    * [https://wiki.python.org/moin/TimeComplexity](https://wiki.python.org/moin/TimeComplexity) 
* Similarly: how to document free-threading?
    * Carol worked on an outline with others
        * It will be an issue in the public Quansight free-threaded repo
        * Aimed for 3.15 time-frame
    * Possible topics to cover:
        * What does Python guarantee
        * How to write safe software
        * How to write performant software
            * Difficult because it changes over time
            * Will involve third-party libraries
* Translations
    * Transifex glossary was erased by a malicious translator
        * But it can be retrieved
    * Are other tools better for public groups with unknown levels of trust?