---
author: ["Mariatta"]
title: "Meeting Minutes: Sep 9, 2025"
date: "2025-09-09T17:49:01-05:00"
description: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Sep 9, 2025"
summary: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Sep 9, 2025"
tags: ["minutes"]
categories: ["minutes"]
series: ["Meeting Minutes"]
ShowToc: false
TocOpen: false
members: ["Guido van Rossum", "Joanna Jablonski", "Mariatta", "Ned Batchelder"]
---



### Notes

* We’re a bit disorganized in tracking action items
* We'll go through the action items and todos from the last meeting
* TODO: find out where they are coordinating online (mariatta)
* Who are the Edu & Outreach? Kattni, Keith the ee, Nicholas Tollervey, Jeff Jacobson, Sheena 
*  What is the purpose? To learn what they’re doing, what we’re doing, what’s the overlap.
* TODO: find out from the translators what happens when the source docs change
    * Are we still needed here?
* There is inconsistency with the different translations groups. Do they need to be consistent?
* We now get transifex funded through PSF core devs fund. 
* But there are other competing options.
* Do we want to remain in the business of translations? Can we delegate to another group?
* Should we be explicit in saying we want a sub WG? What do we want this group to be?
    * To coordinate and to support the translations effort
    * Example: Adam Turner did all the work about Transifex
    * What is involved in all of this?
    * Translation teams are often well meaning volunteers, who haven’t thought about the tools they need and the amount of work involved.
    * Being added to python-docs-somelanguage requires some vetting and giving access. There needs to be an institutional owner. 
    * People who want to translate may not be the ones who want to be coordinating.
    * We want them to form a WG (not a person).
    * Python SC has a formal process for creating new WG (eg the way we create this Board through a PEP)
    * We can also create our own WG and have the WG report to us.
    * We can ask in the translations if they want to form a group.
    * TODO: Ned will follow up with updates from devguide and ask the translations team (this is done: https://discord.com/channels/935215565872693329/1102686540007747586/1415080055796666378)
* Ned has PRs to the CPython docs 
* Sorting the glossary: <https://discuss.python.org/t/101778/2>: sounds like a great idea
