---
author: ["Mariatta"]
title: "Meeting Minutes: Mar 10, 2026"
date: "2026-03-10T12:00:00-07:00"
description: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Mar 10, 2026"
summary: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Mar 10, 2026"
tags: ["minutes"]
categories: ["minutes"]
series: ["Meeting Minutes"]
ShowToc: false
TocOpen: false
members: ["Joanna Jablonski", "Mariatta", "Ned Batchelder"]
---

### Notes

* Any news?
    * Ned was at the community meeting last week.
* The group agrees with keeping `import datetime as dt` and keeping it in the docs.
* The datetime doc is messy and lengthy. The Notes have 10 notes. Inconsistent use of `versionchanged`, `versionadded`, etc.
    * Mariatta and Stan have an open PR for adding note number 11, but now think it is not the right way to do it.
    * It needs a rework. How do we approach this?
    * Is this a similar pattern elsewhere?
    * [strftime and strptime format codes](https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html#strftime-and-strptime-format-codes)
* What can the EB do about this page?
    * Footnotes are bad (if used incorrectly).
    * Encourage better doc practice.
    * Are there other styles in the Python docs that use this style of "notes"?
        * struct docs for format characters
        * stdtypes.rst
* Can we split this doc into various pages?
    * Do you have the date-time to do it? (hehe)
    * There is precedent where Jelle split up the C-API docs.
    * Maybe start by opening a new issue about it.
    * URLs will break; we can ensure there is a redirect.
* Any further thoughts about the EB?
* Sphinx-extensions issue that might need a decision from the EB.
    * The discussion about underlining URLs in Sphinx docs: [Should not underline links](https://discuss.python.org/t/should-not-underline-links/106012)
    * Ned built a linter that cleans up excessive links in the Python doc.
    * There is a link to the int doc everywhere. Is this bad? Should we keep it?