---
author: ["Mariatta"]
title: "Meeting Minutes: Jun 9, 2026"
date: "2026-06-09T12:00:00-07:00"
description: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Jun 9, 2026"
summary: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Jun 9, 2026"
tags: ["minutes"]
categories: ["minutes"]
series: ["Meeting Minutes"]
ShowToc: false
TocOpen: false
members: ["Joanna Jablonski", "Mariatta", "Ned Batchelder"]
---

### Notes

* Team membership details:
    * Guido is stepping down.
    * What is the mechanism to get a new team member? It's in the PEP: [PEP 732 — Editorial Board Member Qualifications](https://peps.python.org/pep-0732/#editorial-board-member-qualifications)
        * If a vacancy exists on the board for any reason, the Documentation Editorial Board will publicly announce a call for prospective board members. Prospective board members would submit a brief document stating qualifications and their motivation to serve. The sitting members of the Editorial Board will select new board members by a simple majority where quorum is 80% of the current board.
    * Before getting a new team member, do we talk more about our purpose or goals first?
        * To set up an application form, we first need to clarify the expectations and roles so people know what they're applying for.
* Different directions as the EB:
    * Be more reactive: we're here, we can help if you need us.
    * Be more proactive: create initiatives, have ambitions, goals.
    * Identify significant work that needs to get done, then lead/project-manage/shepherd, and find people to do those (outreach).
* Possible stances for EB members:
    * Be available to make big decisions (be like the SC for docs).
    * Start and carry out significant work (this is more a core-team role, not an SC-style role).
    * Identify big projects, reach out to find others to do the work, and lead them.
* If we go with option 3, we need to be ready to "project-manage" these ideas, and not just list the ideas.
    * Requirement: a project will be listed only if there is a committed team lead for it.
    * But what is the requirement to be a team lead, and what kind of commitment? What exactly does team lead/project lead mean?
    * It should not be just a laundry list of things we want, but should also identify challenges related to the project.
* Docs WG meeting: review the notes.
    * Need to review and come up with a list of projects for contributors to work on.
    * Do we make a long list and let people find something that excites them?
        * That might stretch our oversight efforts too thin.
    * Or do we make a short list of our prioritized wishes?
    * Projects should be described with details of what the challenges might be.
    * To be successful, we need to find committed workers and be committed ourselves to the project.
* Write up expectations about being on the board. Hoping to get a new team member in Sept/Oct.
    * Aim to get the word out by the next meeting.