---
author: ["Mariatta"]
title: "Meeting Minutes: Apr 14, 2026"
date: "2026-04-14T12:00:00-07:00"
description: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Apr 14, 2026"
summary: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Apr 14, 2026"
tags: ["minutes"]
categories: ["minutes"]
series: ["Meeting Minutes"]
ShowToc: false
TocOpen: false
members: ["Carol Willing", "Guido van Rossum", "Mariatta", "Ned Batchelder"]
---

### Notes

* Reviewed the doc structure in the [datetime reference doc](https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html#strftime-and-strptime-format-codes) because Carol and Guido weren't here last month.
* Discussion about redirects in the Docs WG. According to Petr, he can handle redirects. We don't know the technical details of how the redirect will happen.
    * It's OK if we go ahead with splitting the page, and Petr said he will handle it. He said it will be addressed in the redirection PR.
    * Other work in Docs might also be blocked because they want redirects.
* How would we want to split up the datetime doc?
    * Split into different classes?
    * Date and datetime are relevant.
    * What other modules have different pages split up?
    * Generally, it will be better to split up docs anyway.
        * To help with SEO and LLMs finding data, it works better with more focused docs.
    * We may want to argue for breaking up module docs based on certain criteria.
    * Split up format codes (it already says "Skip to the format codes").
    * We want to see this split up.
    * Talk to Paul Ganssle first about timezone classes?
    * datetime.rst is in the top 10 of largest files.
    * Mariatta's PR [#125009](https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/125009) and follow-up PR from Stan [#132524](https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/132524).
* Splitting the datetime doc:
    * Start by removing the format codes.
    * In Mariatta's PR, make notes 10 and 11 separate directives — not part of the table notes.
    * The code change can be in a separate PR.
* Discuss the redundancy of the Editorial Board.
    * Next meeting is during PyCon US, we will be occupied.
    * Cancel the May meeting.
    * Keep June.
    * Discuss meeting cadence and membership in July.
