---
author: ["Mariatta"]
title: "Meeting Minutes: Feb 10, 2026"
date: "2026-02-10T12:00:00-08:00"
description: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Feb 10, 2026"
summary: "Meeting Minutes from Python Docs Editorial Board: Feb 10, 2026"
tags: ["minutes"]
categories: ["minutes"]
series: ["Meeting Minutes"]
ShowToc: false
TocOpen: false
members: ["Carol Willing", "Joanna Jablonski", "Mariatta", "Ned Batchelder"]
---

### Notes

* Discussed whether we should still act as the Editorial Board (EB)
* EB members' bandwidth:
    * Low bandwidth, personal travels, etc.
* Suggestion: take it back to the Steering Council — do we have a need for it now?
    * The charter was to unblock what was blocked
    * Not many things are blocked these days
    * Example issue: on Discourse, a topic about whether we should underline links
    * Often we didn't need to come in to state that we are in the EB
    * We could still exist but we are a light load
    * We could do quarterly meetings and chat on Discord as needed
    * If the point is to unblock — is the reason we haven't been needed because there are no issues/conflicts?
* From the Docs WG meeting:
    * Tooling (issue with links)
    * Links within our docs
    * Links from outside to our docs
    * If we reorg our docs (splitting a page into different pages), existing links from external sources to our docs are now broken
        * Petr is looking into fixing it
    * Links from our docs to external docs
* The fact that we exist is a good thing.
    * Things seem smooth right now.
    * May want to look into the Free-threading group. They may have similar challenges with docs.
* There may not be clarity about the expectation of what should be documented. Example: the memory model isn't documented.
* Should the time complexity be in the Python docs?
* Conclusion:
    * Continue to exist
    * Scale back expectations
    * Continue the monthly cadence
    * Review if any of us want to take a step back and open up the space for others to come in